DOCS-2837: Update PrestaShop page (#1839)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payments/integrations/ecommerce-platforms/prestashop-1-7/_index.md

title : "MultiSafepay plugin for PrestaShop 1.7"
github_url : "https://github.com/MultiSafepay/PrestaShop"
meta_title: "PrestaShop 1.7 plugin - MultiSafepay Docs"

> download_url : "https://github.com/MultiSafepay/prestashop-official/releases/download/5.0.0/Plugin_PrestaShop_5.0.0.zip"

Reviewer: Link is broken. 
```suggestion
download_url : "https://github.com/MultiSafepay/prestashop-official/releases/download/5.0.0-RC2/Plugin_PrestaShop_5.0.0-RC2.zip"
```

Author: This link was broken, because we were still in the process of releasing. It is now working

{{< details title="Requirements" >}}

- MultiSafepay account – See [Getting started](/getting-started/).
- PrestaShop 1.7.6 or higher
- Tested on PHP 7.2

> For PrestaShop 1.7.5 or lower, please consider updating PrestaShop or use an older version (4.x) of our plugin which can be found on our [GitHub page](https://github.com/MultiSafepay/prestashop/releases). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're on PrestaShop 1.7.5 or lower, consider updating PrestaShop or use an older version (4.x) of our plugin which can be found in our [PrestaShop GitHub repository](https://github.com/MultiSafepay/prestashop/releases). 
```

+ [Webshop gift card](https://www.webshopgiftcard.nl)
+ [Wellness gift card](https://www.wellnessgiftcard.nl)
+ Wijncadeau
+ [Winkelcheque](https://www.winkelcheque.nl)
+ [Yourgift](https://www.yourgift.nl/)

{{< /details >}}

> {{< details title="Upgrading to 5.x from an older version" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< details title="Upgrading to version 5.x from an older version" >}}
```

> When updating from an older version of our plugin to the 5.x version, please make sure to keep the older version of the plugin installed until you are sure that all order created with that plugin have been fully processed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you update from an older version of the plugin to 5.x, keep the older version installed until you are sure that orders created with the new plugin are successfully processed.
```

> ## Switching to the new plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Switching to the new plugin

```

> 1. Go to **Modules** > **Module Manager** > **MultiSafepay** > **Configure**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to **Modules** > **Module Manager** > **MultiSafepay** > **Configure**.
```

> 2. Open the **Payment Methods** tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Open the **Payment Methods** tab.
```

> 3. Set all Payment Methods to off

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Set all Payment Methods to **off**.
```

> 4. Open the **Giftcards** tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Open the **Giftcards** tab.
```

> 5. Set all Giftcards to off

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Set all gift cards to **off**.
```

> 6. Install and configure the new plugin following the instructions below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Install and configure the new plugin following the instructions below.
```

> 7. Don't uninstall the older plugin until you are sure all orders created with that plugin have been fully processed 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Don't uninstall the older plugin until you are sure that orders created with the new plugin are successfully processed 
```
